optimize count on object to count on its not-null-subcolumns (#11440)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

- Improved the performance of the :ref`hyperloglog_distinct
  <aggregation-hyperloglog-distinct>` aggregation function.

> - Improved count aggregations on object types containing not-null constrained
>   inner types by utilizing the inner types' doc-values when available.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an optimization that improves the performance of `count()` aggregations on object columns if the object column has at least one inner column with a `NOT NULL` constraint.
```

I think this way it is easier to understand for end-user. Mentioning the doc-values here is probably too much implementation detail.

Author: - Added an optimization that improves the performance of `count()` aggregations
  on object columns that have at least one inner column with a `NOT NULL`
  constraint.

Author: changed thanks
